Question:

Q1. Why do you want to work in banking?
A1. (1) Dynamism: fast working, I want to see the real results of my work in a short time frame.
    (2) Teamwork: I want to work with other people rather than on my own. 
                 This tends to go down well, although a lot of quants do not have esiest personalities.
    (3) Transparency: I want to do something where my contribution is clear and recognized.
    (4) Ability to leverage existing skill set.

Q2. Tell me aobut X where X is a random phrase from your CV.
A2. The important point here is that for everything you write on the CV, have a prepared speech.
    If you do not want to discuss something, consider whether it has to be on your CV.
    In the speech, consider how to market this particular point:
    (1) Can you explain what you did?
    (2) Why is it relevant to banking, and in particular, how is it relevant to the job you are applying for.
    (3) What you learnt from it.

Q3. Can you cope with the people around you swearing?
A3. A lot of people in banking are rough around the edges and do not like smoothy types.

Q4. Why don't you want to do X anymore?
A4. It is better to try and accentuate the positive aspects of the new job rather than the negative aspects
    of the old one. This should therefore be turned into praise for banking as much as possible. I want to
    work in teams, I want to work in a more energetic atmosphere, I want to make more impact.
    
Q5. How would you deal with a difficult person?
A5. The important thing is to demonstrate some ability to take a non-straightforward approach rather than
    getting into confrontations with them.
    (1) Make them think something was their idea so they back it.
    (2) Work around them where possbile.
    (3) Butter them up.
    (4) Try to understand what personality traits make them difficult and how you can exploit them.
    (5) Use extreme clarity when dealing with them to avoid misunderstanding and arguments about what was said.
    (6) Be extra polite with them.

Q6. What are your weaknesses?
A6. It is probably better to do some self-examination and then think about how to present honestly some of
    your true weaknesses. If you really think you do not have any, your weakness is certainly poor
    self-knowledge.
    
Q7. Are you comfortable working to deadlines?
A7. The answer is Yes. To show that you have successfully met deadlines in the past and are able to talk
    about them. This could be as simple as talking about always getting your assignments done early,
    or talk about how deadlines were involved in previous employment.
    
Q8. What was our share price at closing last night?

Q9. What big deals have we closed lately?

Q10. Where do you want to be five years from now?
A10. The important things are to have one, and to make sure it is compatible with the role that you are
    going for. You should be careful to avoid the impression that you will be trying to leave as quickly as 
    possible.

Q11. Explain your thesis.
A11. This question is about your ability to explain technical material rather than about how bright you are.
     To answer it well, the best approach to prepare answers for various sorts of people. You also need to try
     to assess what the interviewer's background is and what he/she will understand.
     
Q12. Do you own any shares?
A12. This question is often used to gauge your interest in finance. Someone who does not own shares, and doesn't
     even know a little about the top 10 stocks, probably isn't all that interested in finance. When answering
     the question you have to tell the truth, but you can turn it into a discussion of which shares you might
     buy and why.

Q13. What qualities do you offer, apart from being smart?
A13. Make sure to be able to think of some good qualitives and also how to determine that you have them.
     For example, (1) presentation skills.
                  (2) ability to get along with others.
                  (3) delivering work on time.

Q14. What do your friends think of you?
A14. This is a strange question in some ways as your friends presumably think highly of you.
     Try to think of something they would say that makes you perfectly suited for the job you are applying
     for. For example, they might say you are easy to gee along with and will therefore fit perfectly into
     the team.
     
Q15. Do you like French food?

Q16. What is the first thing you would do when you arrive at work on your first day?
A16. To see how all the hedging of derivative products was carried out in practice.

Q17. What have you done that shows you have star quality?
A17. Try to think of something impressive that you have done, and how you can market what you have done as
     much. Also, how do they relate to this role?
     
Q18. What do you know about finance? What books have you read on the topic?
A18. The most important thing is to be able to discuss anything you say you have read.

Q19. Why do you want to work for X?
A19. Try to think of something other than because I am desperate. Try to find out in advance some
     complimentary aspects of them, and talk about those. For example, they may have a reputation in
     certain areas, or they may be known as a kind employer.
     
Q20. Do you prefer working with others or solo?
A20. A balanced response leading toward the truth is therefore required.

Q21. Tell me about an occasion on which you demonstrated leadership skills.
A21. This sort of question is where having outside interests and work experience comes in useful.
     If you do have work experience then pick an aspect from there, thinging about what you did and
     what it achieved. If you don not have any work experience, then you could use an instance where
     you were a captain of a sporting team or other club.
     
Q22. Are you comfortable working with our in-house computer language instead of C++?





























